Once again, most this week went fairly smoothly. I was a bit confused at the difference between a definition and a definition list, but now my one question is the diference between an <a id="something"> command versus a <dfn id="something" command. I'll probably post that on the issues board, just to try and interact with that more.

It's weird to interact with issues, usually because everyone's problems are usually already answered by the time I check the board, and I don't want to feel redundant. I'll try to start participating more, but it feels really strange.

Finally, regarding the Way Back Machine, I found one pattern between all the sites that I looked at -- as we moved through the internets life, things started to move further and further away from the simple, text based HTML we're working with to an HTML document where almost everything on the page is covered with links and anchors. It's a significantly busier space, covered in links, spaces to present links -- it's kind of amazing to see that the same language has been used in two entirely separate ways in these two periods of history; I can only imagine that it stems from internet speeds increasing, allowing for busier webpages, filled with more and more stuff. It was still fascinating to see I could still read the complicated modern sites HTML (with a good deal more effort) -- I think that speaks to how HTML takes simple rules and commands and turns them into something complicated.

With any luck, I'll be able to get on top of these HW assignments as the weeks become less hectic (Big Sky took a lot of time and Energy out of me), and won't be uploading everything in the last minutes.
